add disable setting to node docs (#4522)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/node/migration.md

    ```
* The `flushAt` configuration option changed to `maxEventsInBatch`.

> * The `enable` setting (for disabling analytics during tests) became `disable`. `enable: false` changed to `disable: true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `enable` setting (for disabling analytics during tests) changed to `disable`. `enable: false` changed to `disable: true`.
```

    ```
* The `flushAt` configuration option changed to `maxEventsInBatch`.

> * The `flushAt` configuration option changed to `maxEventsInBatch`.

Reviewer: @silesky this line already exists in line 61

> * The `enable` setting (for disabling analytics during tests) has become `disable`. `enable: false` -> `disable: true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `enable` setting (for disabling analytics during tests) became `disable`. `enable: false` changed to `disable: true`.
```
